More details on operating overrides (#234)
psu-libraries/myaccount: README.md

## Overriding pickup location labels

> Pickup locations for holds placed are manually dictated by Lending and Reserves Services. They tell us what they want for the labels and we add them in `settings.yml`. This means we can override them as needed too by following the inheritance flow of the `config` gem. Note that `Settings.pickup_locations` does _not_ affect the labels used in displaying the "Pickup at" column in the holds tables. That is currently not overrideable. 

Reviewer: which file we will use to override, `settings.yml` or one of the .local.yml?

Author: I would say we should never edit any file in our codebase that we track via git. And settings.local.yml is no good because it will just be overridden by deployment. So the only option is `production.local.yml` unless we add our own custom source.

> Pickup locations for holds placed are manually dictated by Lending and Reserves Services. They tell us what they want for the labels and we add them in `settings.yml`. This means we can override them as needed too by following the inheritance flow of the `config` gem. Note that `Settings.pickup_locations` does _not_ affect the labels used in displaying the "Pickup at" column in the holds tables. That is currently not overrideable. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pickup locations for holds placed are manually dictated by Lending and Reserves Services. They tell us what they want for the labels and we add them in `settings.yml`. This means we can override them as needed too by following the inheritance flow of the `config` gem. For production we use `production.local.yml` to override these values. Note that `Settings.pickup_locations` does _not_ affect the labels used in displaying the "Pickup at" column in the holds tables. That is currently not overridable. 
```
